Add `deviceRegistry.type=memory` deprecation message (#1318)
telefonicaid/iotagent-node-lib: doc/deprecated.md

-   Support to Node.js v10 in iotagent-node-lib 2.15.0 (finally removed in 2.16.0)
-   Support to Node.js v12 in iotagent-node-lib 2.24.0 (finally removed in 2.25.0)
-   Support to NGSI-LD v1.3 in iotagent-node-lib 2.25.0

> -   Support to `deviceRegistry.type=memory` value. 

Reviewer: Add also another item for the groups statically defined by configuration

Author: Done in https://github.com/telefonicaid/iotagent-node-lib/pull/1318/commits/8a79b4a12949dd378b26d71124961f87d6a0d0a9

-   Support to Node.js v10 in iotagent-node-lib 2.15.0 (finally removed in 2.16.0)
-   Support to Node.js v12 in iotagent-node-lib 2.24.0 (finally removed in 2.25.0)
-   Support to NGSI-LD v1.3 in iotagent-node-lib 2.25.0 (finally removed in 2.26.0)

> -   Support groups (provision) statically defined by configuration.
> -   Support to `deviceRegistry.type=memory` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Support groups (provision) statically defined by configuration
-   Support to in-memory registry (i.e.`deviceRegistry.type=memory`)
```
